# Defence Export Control Requirements
1.	You acknowledge and agree that our supply of the Goods and /or Services is conditional on your compliance and satisfaction of these Defence Export Control Requirements.
2.	We and you must at all times comply with the Export Control Laws. The Export Control Laws include the [Defence and Strategic Goods List (DSGL)](https://www.defence.gov.au/business-industry/export/controls/export-controls/defence-strategic-goods-list)  which identifies goods which may not be exported from Australia unless a licence or permission has been granted by the Minister or an authorised person and that licence or permission is produced to a Collector of Customs before exportation (Licence). Some of our Goods and/or Services are included on this list. 
3.	Under the Export Control Laws, we are required to work with the Department of Defence Australia to detect, identify, report, and stop transactions likely to be in breach of the Export Control Laws and to ensure that a Licence is acquired under the Export Control Laws for all goods sold to parties located overseas. We exclude any Liability arising due to your failure to comply with or satisfy with the Export Control Laws or arising due to any steps we take to comply with the Export Control Laws.
4.	To the maximum extent permitted by Law, but subject to your Consumer Law Rights, you indemnify us from and against any Liability that we may suffer, incur or otherwise become liable for, arising from or in connection with any breach by you of any Export Control Laws and/or these Defence Export Control Requirements.
5.	You agree to keep proper financial and other records of account in connection with our Agreement and the provision of the Goods and/or Services to you as required by any Export Control Laws (Records).
6.	You agree to provide us (or as applicable the Department of Defence Australia) with a copy of any Records, at the times and in the manner as may be reasonably requested by us including to ensure that we (and you) comply with the Licence requirements in clause 2 above. 
7.	If you fail to comply with clause 6 of these Defence Export Control Requirements above, you grant us (or as applicable the Department of Defence Australia) the right to inspect your Records, solely to the extent reasonably necessary to enable us to assess your compliance with your obligations under the Defence Control Laws (Audit).
8.	Should any Audit show that you have not complied with any Export Control Laws or you are at risk of not complying, we may immediately terminate the Agreement (and any Work Order under it) and you agree to pay us our reasonable costs of termination.
9.	You agree that we have no control over the application or assessment by the Department of Defence Australia of the Defence Control Laws. If our Agreement expresses a time within which the Goods and/or Services (as applicable) are to be supplied, we will use reasonable endeavours to provide the Goods and Services (as applicable) by such time, but you agree that such time is an estimate only and that the supply is subject to the prior approval by the Department of Defence Australia in application of the Export Control Laws and any Licence required. This timing is beyond our control but:
a.	may be aided by your satisfaction of any Export Control Law Requirements;
b.	may be aided by your cooperation with us and the Department of Defence Australia;
c.	is likely to depend upon the volume of Goods and/or Services you wish to acquire; and
d.	is likely to depend upon a risk assessment conducted by the Department of Defence Australia based on your corporate history, your country risk rating, geopolitical considerations and the types of Goods and/or services being sold.
10.	Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the applicable Work Order and/or https://www.seascapeautonomy.com/terms/.
11.	Validity: For questions about these Defence Export Control Requirements please submit an enquiry through support@seascapeautonomy.com. In the event of any inconsistency or ambiguity between these Defence Export Control Requirements and the Terms, these Defence Export Control Requirements will prevail. 

*These Defence Export Control Requirements were last updated on 27 February 2026*.
